What city has the best skyline/mountain combo?
Panama City. More skyscrapers than I thought!
WOW!!!
The high-rises of Moscow
I felt Philly was under represented here, ft my apartment view and a few from around the city
I have seen enough Moscow!!
Hard to beat Chicago
Another angle of Panama City’s skyline
New York super talls from Central Park [OC]
Empire State Building
Mecca Clock Royal Tower - Fourth-tallest building in the world.
I made a 3D Map of NYC's Midtown! This is by far the most dense map I've made to date.
NYC
So slept on
Saint Petersburg: a city of a single skyscraper
Bedroom View, NYC
The First-ever Skyscraper to Exist :
Home Insurance Building in Chicago, built in 1885.
New York skyline ~ 1950.
Why do these buildings have so much aura
Recent Photos of Central Bank of Iraq HQ Tower Topped Out in Baghdad, Iraq. It will be the Tallest Building in Iraq at 173m / 564 ft.
Completion is this year.
Seattle.
Shennan Road, Shenzhen
One of the greatest to ever stand in the great New York City
Brooklyn Tower
How would the Freedom Tower look without the spire?
The Three Crowns of the Ohio River
Billionaires Row amongst the clouds
Atlanta with the North Georgia mountains in the background
The Brooklyn Tower in Fog
Los Angeles is massive
Do you prefer Chicago or Modern Midtown Manhattan’s Skyline?
Chicago approves The 1901 Project around the United Center, which would extend the skyline westwards and replace surface parking with mixed-use development
Out of the three most popular NY skyscrapers, which one do you like the most?
Million dollar bathtub view 🌇
Paris The Defense Business District Center
What are skyscrapers called in your native language?
Greatest City in the World
An aerial photo of London.
How would you rank Atlanta's skyline if we decide to flood the interstate (called the Connector)?
London
Jersey City, NJ after last night’s snow
Latest Supertall Revealed in Miami at 82 Floors
Why is this sub so rude when 3rd world countries have a developing city? Anyway here is Manila
lol
Skyscrapers across the Water
Beautiful Downtown Moscow
YOU WILL SUBMIT TO CHICAGO 🔫😡 PRAISE IT OR DIE
Icons in the sky
The infamous supertall trio in Shanghai, China captured at dusk in September 2024.
Downtown Manhattan
Fun little diagram at the skyscraper museum in NYC
This city never fails to amaze you! NYC
Some skyline records (the record holder for most 150 m, 200 m, 300 m, and 400 m buildings are all different!)
The most Multicultural city in the world
New York City Evenings hit hard 😍  (Courtesy:- dcrafts_nyc on IG)
Beautiful shot of Seattle today
Britain’s first skyscraper, The Royal Liver Building, Liverpool. Opened in 1911.
Do you prefer the John Hancock Center or Sears Tower?
Albany , NY
New proposed tower would be the tallest in West Hollywood at 377 ft (115 m)
New York City will always amaze me. [credit: Paul Seibert]
Guangzhou recently surpassed 200 +150m skyscrapers, being the 5th city to do so
Mumbai (2005 vs 2025)
The best view of the ENTIRE NYC skyline. Guess where
"L'Eternale" - The proposed supertall skyscraper in the center of Rome that was never built
Favorite Building in Chicago
North Korea skyline!
Some of the world’s most breathtaking streets/roads surrounded by skyscrapers - where would you like to drive?
Gotham city 
North facing views of midtown from my office in downtown manhattan
Appreciation post for some of my favorite building in Manhattan, the XYZ buildings.
A skyline I rarely see: Frankfurt am Main
Frankfurt, Germany - a quaint skyline by American/Asian standards but lovingly called "Mainhattan" by locals (OC)
Chicago.
Shanghai Tower, third tallest building in the world
USA Chicago Towers
Limassol, Cyprus - one of the few cities with coastal skyscrapers in the EU
Nairobi Kenya 🇰🇪
Shenzhen
Dubai is building the world’s tallest residential clock tower.
Aeternitas Tower - 450m / 1, 476ft.
Hudson Yards NYC
Ryugyong Hotel, Pyongyang
Stunning London
Guangzhou, fifth most populous city in China
Steinway Tower in New York City, United States. It is the thinnest skyscraper in the world with a width-to-height ratio of about 1:24.
South Station Tower in Boston will completed later this year.
206m / 677ft.
Gensler completes Austin's tallest skyscraper. ( For Now )
Philadelphia
Built in era of art deco skyscrapers, One Grand Central Place (1930) is a stunning and underrated neo-Gothic skyscraper 
Hotel Ukraine, Moscow
Chongqing, China is straight out of cyberpunk
Ken Griffin’s New Manhattan Tower Nears Public-Review Process - 350 Park Avenue - 488m / 1,600 ft.
Downtown Brooklyn rising up
One Ninety One Peachtree Tower is a 235 m (771 ft) 50-story skyscraper in Atlanta, Georgia.
Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico
Montreal, Canada
Does anyone happen to know why this part of Midtown Manhattan (just a little north of the Rockefeller Center) lacks skyscrapers?
2/3 of the posts here
Shanghai, China
Project for Mid Town Toronto, Four skyscrapers (58 stories)
